#### **Files** options

- For **ProteinGroups.txt :** It requires tabular input (e.g. txt files) as generated by quantitative analysis softwares of raw mass spectrometry data, such as ProteinGroups.txt from MaxQuant or quantity data from other software. It should in a wide format that rows are proteingroups and columns is identification information and quantification in samples.

- For **ExperimentalDesign.txt :** Data frame, Experimental design with 'label', 'condition' and 'replicate' information. `Note that` : you need not upload the ExperimentalDesign.txt when `Sample annotation` is setted to `Parse from columns`.
  + **label :** Label names

  + **condition :** Experimental conditions

  + **replicate :** Replicate number

    

#### **Columns** options

**Name column**: the column in **ProteinGroups** that store gene name of gene symbol.

**ID column**: the column in **ProteinGroups** that store protein ID or protein name.

**Delimiter**: the delimiter in group to separate members.

**Expression columns**: the columns store expression data (like intensity or quantity).

**Peptide column**: Optional. The column in **ProteinGroups** that store identify or quantity peptide number.

**Filter on columns**: Optional. The columns that filter based on. The features with non-"" value in one of these columns will be filtered out. Such as reverse or contaminant groups.

**Allowed max.miss.num at least one condition**: The threshold of miss values in one condition.

**Set the groups order**: Optional. reset the condition order.

**Control**: Required when **Contrasts** is control. The control condition.
