#### **Files** options

- For **PTM Sites.txt** : It requires tabular input (e.g. txt files) generated by quantitative analysis softwares storing the modified peptide quantity. It should in a wide format that rows are enriched PTM peptides and variables include identification information and quantification in samples.

- For **ExperimentalDesign.txt :** Data frame, Experimental design with 'label', 'condition' and 'replicate' information. `Note that` : you need not upload the ExperimentalDesign.txt when `Sample annotation` is setted to `Parse from columns`.

  + **label :** Label names

  + **condition :** Experimental conditions

  + **replicate :** Replicate number

    

#### **Columns** options

**Name column**: the column that store gene name of gene symbol.

**ID column**: the column that store protein ID or protein name.

**Amino acid column**: the modified residue column. 

**Amino acid position column**: the modified position in protein sequence.

**Delimiter**: the delimiter in group to separate members.

**Expression columns**: the columns store expression data (like intensity or quantity).

**Filter on columns**: Optional. The columns that filter based on. The features with non-"" value in one of these columns will be filtered out. Such as reverse or contaminant groups.

**Cutoff based on**: Optional. Filter out low-confidence PTM by certain score. Such as the "Localization.prob" in Maxquant.

**Cutoff**: the lower limit of filtration based on the previous option.

**Allowed max.miss.num at least one condition**: The threshold of miss values in one condition.

**Set the groups order**: Optional. reset the condition order.

**Control**: Required when **Contrasts** is control. The control condition.
